docs(python): update integrations for stream mode (#18526)
getsentry/sentry-docs: includes/python-stream-mode-general-callout.mdx

<Alert>

> If you're using stream mode, this page's references to "transaction" refer to service spans instead. See <PlatformLink to="/tracing/streamed-spans/">Streamed Spans</PlatformLink> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using stream mode, this page's references to "transaction" should be applied to service spans instead. See <PlatformLink to="/tracing/streamed-spans/">Streamed Spans</PlatformLink> for more information.
```
